c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\bin\Debug\Polyclinic.exe.config
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\bin\Debug\Polyclinic.exe
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\bin\Debug\Polyclinic.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\Polyclinic.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\PickRole.g.cs
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\Polyclinic_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\Polyclinic_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\PickRole.baml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\Polyclinic.g.resources
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\Polyclinic.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\Polyclinic.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\Polyclinic.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\Polyclinic.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\Polyclinic.exe
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\Polyclinic.pdb
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\AdministratorLogin.g.cs
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\DoctorLogin.g.cs
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\DoctorRegistration.g.cs
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\PatientLogin.g.cs
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\PatientMainMenu.g.cs
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\AdministratorLogin.baml
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\DoctorLogin.baml
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\DoctorRegistration.baml
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\PatientLogin.baml
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\PatientMainMenu.baml
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\AdminMainMenu.g.cs
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\DoctorMainMenu.g.cs
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\AdminMainMenu.baml
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\DoctorMainMenu.baml
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\EditMedicine.g.cs
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\EditMedicine.baml
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\EditCabinets.g.cs
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\EditDiagnosis.g.cs
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\EditDoctors.g.cs
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\EditProcedures.g.cs
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\EditSpeciality.g.cs
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\EditCabinets.baml
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\EditDiagnosis.baml
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\EditDoctors.baml
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\EditProcedures.baml
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\EditSpeciality.baml
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\bin\Debug\Polyclinic.exe.config
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\bin\Debug\Polyclinic.exe
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\bin\Debug\Polyclinic.pdb
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\Polyclinic.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\AdministratorLogin.g.cs
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\AdminMainMenu.g.cs
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\DoctorLogin.g.cs
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\DoctorMainMenu.g.cs
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\DoctorRegistration.g.cs
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\EditCabinets.g.cs
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\EditDiagnosis.g.cs
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\EditDoctors.g.cs
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\EditMedicine.g.cs
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\EditProcedures.g.cs
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\EditSpeciality.g.cs
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\PatientMainMenu.g.cs
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\PickRole.g.cs
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\Polyclinic_MarkupCompile.cache
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\Polyclinic_MarkupCompile.lref
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\AdministratorLogin.baml
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\AdminMainMenu.baml
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\DoctorLogin.baml
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\DoctorMainMenu.baml
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\DoctorRegistration.baml
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\EditCabinets.baml
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\EditDiagnosis.baml
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\EditDoctors.baml
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\EditMedicine.baml
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\EditProcedures.baml
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\EditSpeciality.baml
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\PatientMainMenu.baml
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\PickRole.baml
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\Polyclinic.g.resources
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\Polyclinic.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\Polyclinic.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\Polyclinic.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\Polyclinic.csproj.CopyComplete
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\Polyclinic.exe
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\Polyclinic.pdb
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\VisitorLogin.g.cs
F:\Загрузки\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\Polyclinic\obj\Debug\VisitorLogin.baml
